---
title: "Articles"
description: "Learn more about articles in Briifd."
summary: ""
date: 2023-09-07T16:13:18+02:00
lastmod: 2023-09-07T16:13:18+02:00
draft: false
weight: 10
toc: true
seo:
  title: "" # custom title (optional)
  description: "" # custom description (recommended)
  canonical: "" # custom canonical URL (optional)
  robots: "" # custom robot tags (optional)
---

## Articles Data
- **Title**: The title of the article.
- **Outlet**: The publication or website where the article was published.
- **Author**: The author of the article. (Premium feature)
- **Date**: The date the article was published.
- **URL**: The link to the original article.
- **Story Text**: The full text of the article (if available).
- **Snippet**: A short preview of the article.
---

## Article Metrics (Professional)
- **Summary**: A summary of the article generated by the AI assistant.
- **Distillation**: A distilled summary of the article generated by the AI assistant.
- **Off-Topic**: AI classification of the article as off-topic or not based on the user's relevance criteria.
- **Sentiment**: The sentiment of the article (positive, negative, neutral).
- **Impressions**: The number of impressions the article received.
- **Country**: The country where the article was published.
- **Region**: The region where the article was published.
- **Keywords**: Keywords extracted from the article.
---

## Advanced Metrics (Premium)
- **Earned/Owned**: Classification of the article as earned or owned media. (Premium feature)
- **PR Crisis**: AI classification of the article as a potential PR crisis based on the user's relevance criteria and PR strategy. (Premium feature)
- **PR Opportunity**: AI classification of the article as a potential PR opportunity based on the user's relevance criteria and PR strategy. (Premium feature)
- **Prominence**: The prominence of the Topic in the article based on the user's relevance criteria.
- **Interest Score**: How interesting the article is based on the user's relevance criteria.
